The last big thing we need to do inside of our cluster is integrate that React application.
This is going to be one of the last big topics we cover around Kubernetes.
I know all this Kubernetes stuff has been a little bit of a slog, but we are almost at the end.
And I want to repeat just one more time that even though doing a lot of stuff by hand is kind of annoying,
a little bit tedious, after we get through this last topic, we're going to start to look at a tool
that's going to automate a lot of the stuff for us and make our lives a little bit easier.
All right.
With that in mind, let's take a look at how we're going to get that react application inside of your.
So our React application is actually the Create React App Development server.
We're going to house this thing inside of a pod, so we're going to create a new Docker image or our
React application or the development server.
We're then going to create a container inside of a pod and place it inside of our cluster.
One thing I want to clarify about what this React app dev server does is that whenever a user opens
up their browser and navigates to our application.
We're going to really be attempting to connect to that React app dev server.
The only goal of that dev server is to take code that you and I write inside of a React application
and then generate some HTML JavaScript and CSS files out of it.
So during the initial navigation attempt to our application running inside this cluster, the only thing
this React app dev server is doing is returning some HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
What this React app server is not doing is making any requests at any point in time, over to posts,
over to comments, query anything like that.
The actual requests for data are being issued from the user's browser.
So we send over that HTML, CSS and JavaScript stuff, then the React app boots up inside the user's
browser and then inside of the browser, the React app is going to try to reach out to the query service
and get some posts and comments after serving up the initial HTML, CSS and JavaScript stuff.
The development server, it is no longer relevant whatsoever, so no requests are being issued from
that dev server directly over to our other pots.
All these requests are coming from the browser.
So this starts to open up a kind of interesting question.
How are we going to make sure that the React app can somehow make requests to all of these different
pots?
We need to reach out to at least the query service comments and posts.
The React app doesn't technically need to reach out to moderation, but whatever.
Let's forget that for just a second.
So to make sure that the React app can reach out to all these different pods and the containers running
inside them, we have two options available to us.
One option is going to be pretty bad and we're definitely not going to do it.
I just want to show you this option and make sure you understand that we're not going to do this in
any serious application.
So here's possibility.
Number one, probably not good.
We don't want to do this.
So option number one, to make sure that the React application can reach out to these different pods,
we could create a node port service for post common query and moderation.
Remember that a node port service is going to expose a pod to the outside world or to traffic outside
the cluster.
So inside of our React application, we could write out some code that would make requests to these
different node port services and access the underlying pods to get all the information that is required.
The reason that this is not a good approach is that, remember, when we create a node port service,
we are essentially opening up a random port.
We can't technically specify an exact port, but more or less let's just say it's a random port inside
of our cluster.
And so if we ever changed a node port, there's the possibility that, who knows, maybe the port that
we get assigned would be different.
And so if we ever start to change these ports, we would have to go back to a React application and
change the port inside of our code and update it to reflect the new node port.
So this is probably not a good option for that reason and for a couple of others as well.
Rather than trying to expose all of our pods using node ports, we're going to take a look at that last
kind of service that we had discussed in the previous set of videos around services in general.
So this is what we are going to do and this is what we're going to do in production environment, in
a development environment.
This is the right way to do this stuff.
We're going to create a load balancer service.
The goal of this load balancer service is to have one single point of entry into our entire cluster.
We're then going to make sure that our React application is going to make requests to access that load
balancer service, and then we're going to place some logic.
So actual code or configuration inside of this load balancer service that's going to take these incoming
requests and then root them off to the appropriate pod.
And just to be clear, when I say write it off to the appropriate pod, once again, what we're really
reaching out to is the cluster IP service that we're going to create for each of these different pods.
So the React app is going to reach out to load balancer requests gets forwarded on to the appropriate
pod.
Response comes through the load balancer and back to the React application.
So this is all going to be around really this load balancer service.
We do, of course, have to go through writing out some more configuration, building another image
and so on for the React application.
So that's going to be a pretty small part.
What we're really focused on here is this load balancer service.
All right, so now that we've got an idea of what we need to do, a quick pause right here and we'll
get some notes on this load balancer service and the general strategy in just a moment.